you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature hey board game fans it
sauce its Lucky Penny shopping today
we're gonna go over sorry I'm sorry for
SpongeBob SquarePants let's just show
you the box though this can't get any
better I'm telling you bump and jump
from start to home look at that
so ages 6 plus 2 to 4 players look at
sponge man spongy bees the best so it's
a Hasbro game Parker Brothers 2008 see
that there there's always a number 2 on
these this is 8 9 8 6 2 the rest of the
box is pretty much the same so let's
open her up see what we got no
instructions on the inside cover we have
the game board let's take a quick look
at the game ahaha don't you just love
colorful game boards I do home I just
like to look at it man look at in the
Krusty Krab
over here let's get a close-up oh the
Krusty Krab that's where you start put
that aside now we do have the
instruction so we'll go over that just a
little we have our cards all nicely
rubber banded see draw again move
forward and then we have our token
pieces now these now different poses for
the same characters let me do that again
the angle of the light was that good
so these fit in the 16 the game calls
for 16 of the little stands got it
but that's green so each one has a
different color tab on the bottom see so
that's yellow that's how you'd set that
up so let's see object be the first
player to get your team of character
pawns from your color start space into
your color home so we saw that so
there's the contents if you need to know
what the contents of this game are there
you go now we have a couple extra bases
in here actually more than a couple
there saw the game set up pick a player
to go first
there's the gameplay all right so you're
flipping cards following along to start
upon jumping and bumping moving
backwards remember now you can pause and
enlarges so if you need to read this
just stop the video there make it big so
there's all the different card number
eight card number eleven sorry
winning there's your proof of purchase
pretty neat so that's it oh and the
inner cardboard piece cool jellyfish
pretty neat there you go is the game of
sorry for spongebob now I'm gonna play
this later but we're just kind of
showing you all the pieces and how cool
this game really is it's sorry spongebob
squarepants bump and jump from start to
home thanks for watching our eBay
product video and always remember if you
see a locking penny
pick it up